what up anime fans I'm Trey welcome to
animation station is my review for
hunting time ever sowed 116 and you know
this episode wasn't much for action by I
be damned and someone say this month was
not intense I was literally on the edge
of my seat the entire time thinking that
gun was gonna bust neff piece of cider
damn hair but no that did not happen
gonna actually regained his senses by
the episode and actually remembered the
mission that they came here to
accomplish which mission number one said
kaitou mission number to stop the kamir
and threat okay so bitch number one
comes first and during this whole
episode gone is being is in rage she is
enraged and he is almost out of control
completely but uh kahlua ex he comes a
concert poner situation he seats was
going on he sees the situation he's able
to analyze it and calm Sakura train of
thought and go on on the other hand it's
not even thinking about that he thinks
that Neff Peter could not be trusted and
he actually sees that kabuki is the ya
see pictures komugi as being kite so
what the stuff that never pictured is
commuted he thinks that has been done
that was the same process that was done
to kite so yeah he is not having it and
kahlua actually tries to talk to him one
point in time code points time and going
was like what probably likely those
words ain't good enough for me man how
could you trust never p2 and you know I
see where he coming from from that point
of view but he's not really looking at
the situation right now neferpitou has
surrendered herself which was actually
surprising to me I didn't think that she
was gonna do something like that she has
actually broken her own limbs
self-mutilate herself and she is willing
to do whatever God wants her to do after
the price healing processes are done and
they come to agreement that they need
one hour okay for Communities vital
organs to be healed up to a point of fun
point where she can actually recover on
her own it may take a while because it's
not complete healing process but at
least is better than nothing and going
it's not the one who patients not right
now okay and during this whole episode
of going it's like very emotional yes
it's black or just in case in his whole
body at one point in time and even his
special technique has a little black or
inside of the two so I'm the Hulk snap
and uh
kahlua says you know razor goes
attention that a kite is our first
mission off you killed neferpitou kite
is going to die too is that what you
want and then go said something really
hurtful he says uh basically says it
come must be easy for kahlua cos you
have no feelings and i was like damn
gonna spin diamonds over here man those
words hurt they could they cut pretty
deep and they they're pretty joke even
joking about it in the episode like
episode preview like gum was like a say
something bad about me kahlua so he
could be even ok maybe maybe they defuse
that tension between them too because I
want to see them to fight they posed to
be friends and gonna have to remember
that cool is just only looking out for
your best interest going ok he's not
trying to hurt you and this whole
episode is all about gon and killua and
appetito and them being trapped up and
just the emotion that's being displayed
during here it was a very powerful scene
I was a very pleased to see this because
uh I heard some things about dark going
I don't know if dark home is going to be
subsided after this episode or are we
gonna see some more of this in the
future I hope so because I want to see
Howard are going fights I want to see
how dark gonna fight is different in the
regular gun may be used to new
techniques may be fine i will obviously
fight more ruthless sleep before but
yeah dark versions of their characters
are always awesome I like it with
spider-man turn the venom I like it with
Inuyasha turned to a crazy full blooded
demon inuyasha and stuff like that i
always love the dark side of characters
and I want to see going actually you
know use these hands on them too so yep
but this whole episode was pretty crunk
a pretty intense man heart heart heart
throbbing right here but uh yeah give me
a thumbs up if you enjoyed this review
and don't forget to leave a comment
below cuz i'm gonna hit yall thoughts
about this episode man cuz that's where
the community thrives it man it's not
this and it's not this but it is this
okay people get is talk have discussion
that's why i like to hear that's why i
like to see and anyways go ahead and hit
me with a sub if you want to talk to my
channel in the future all right guys I'm
out of here Pizza